#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra-index-url=https://packages.dea.ga.gov.au --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
--extra-index-url https://packages.dea.ga.gov.au

affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-cloud
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   dask-gateway
    #   deafrica-tools
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
black==23.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
bokeh==3.2.2
    # via dask
boltons==23.0.0
    # via eodatasets3
boto3==1.28.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-cloud
boto3-stubs[s3,sqs]==1.28.47
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.31.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-cloud
    #   s3transfer
botocore-stubs==1.31.47
    # via boto3-stubs
bottleneck==1.3.7
    # via datacube
branca==0.6.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-geo
cattrs==23.1.2
    # via eodatasets3
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   netcdf4
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cftime==1.6.2
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
ciso8601==2.3.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   eodatasets3
    #   fiona
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-glm
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2023.9.1
    # via
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
dask-gateway==2023.1.1
    # via deafrica-tools
dask-glm==0.2.0
    # via dask-ml
dask-image==2023.8.1
    # via odc-algo
dask-ml==2023.3.24
    # via deafrica-tools
datacube[performance,s3]==1.8.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-ui
datadog==0.47.0
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
deafrica-tools==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via eodatasets3
deprecat==2.1.1
    # via datacube
distributed==2023.9.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
eodatasets3==0.29.7
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fiona==1.9.4.post1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   geopandas
    #   rasterstats
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
folium==0.14.0
    # via deafrica-tools
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
gdal==3.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
geoalchemy2==0.14.1
    # via datacube
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geojson==3.0.1
    # via deafrica-tools
geopandas==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
geopy==2.4.0
    # via deafrica-tools
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h5py==3.9.0
    # via eodatasets3
hdstats==0.2.1
    # via deafrica-tools
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.31.3
    # via
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via dask
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipyleaflet==0.17.4
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-ui
ipython==8.15.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-ui-poll
    #   odc-ui
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   odc-ui
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   branca
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   folium
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   pystac
jupyter-ui-poll==0.2.2
    # via odc-ui
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lark==1.1.7
    # via datacube
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   owslib
    #   pytmd
lz4==4.3.2
    # via dask
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.7.3
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-ui
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via distributed
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
mypy-boto3-s3==1.28.36
    # via boto3-stubs
mypy-boto3-sqs==1.28.36
    # via boto3-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
netcdf4==1.6.4
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   pytmd
networkx==3.1
    # via scikit-image
numba==0.57.1
    # via dask-ml
numexpr==2.8.6
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   bottleneck
    #   cftime
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   folium
    #   h5py
    #   hdstats
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-ui
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytmd
    #   pywavelets
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   snuggs
    #   tifffile
    #   xarray
odc-algo==0.2.3
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-ui
odc-apps-dc-tools==0.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
odc-cloud[async]==0.2.3
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
odc-geo==0.4.1
    # via deafrica-tools
odc-io==0.2.1
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
odc-ui==0.2.1.dev3676
    # via deafrica-tools
owslib==0.29.2
    # via deafrica-tools
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   distributed
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   geopandas
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   xarray
pandas==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-ui
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.0
    # via dask
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pims==0.6.1
    # via dask-image
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via distributed
psycopg2==2.9.7
    # via datacube
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==13.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.16.1
    # via ipython
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.6.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   pytmd
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pystac[validation]==1.8.3
    # via
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   pystac-client
    #   rio-stac
pystac-client==0.7.5
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   matplotlib
    #   owslib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
    #   pytmd
python-geohash==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-rapidjson==1.11
    # via eodatasets3
pytmd==2.0.7
    # via deafrica-tools
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   owslib
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   owslib
rasterio==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-ui
    #   rasterstats
    #   rio-stac
rasterstats==0.19.0
    # via deafrica-tools
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datadog
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   folium
    #   owslib
    #   pystac-client
    #   urlpath
rio-stac==0.8.0
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
ruamel-yaml==0.17.32
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
s3urls==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-image==0.21.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
    #   deafrica-tools
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   hdstats
    #   pytmd
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via deafrica-tools
setuptools-scm==7.1.0
    # via pytmd
shapely==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   rasterstats
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via rasterstats
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   fiona
    #   python-dateutil
slicerator==1.1.0
    # via pims
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
sqlalchemy==1.4.49
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   geoalchemy2
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
structlog==23.1.0
    # via eodatasets3
tblib==2.0.0
    # via distributed
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.8.30
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   scikit-image
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   partd
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask-gateway
    #   distributed
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
traitlets==5.10.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via ipyleaflet
types-awscrt==0.19.1
    # via botocore-stubs
types-s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3-stubs
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   boto3-stubs
    #   mypy-boto3-s3
    #   mypy-boto3-sqs
    #   setuptools-scm
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   requests
urlpath==1.2.0
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecat
xarray==2023.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-ui
xyzservices==2023.7.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipyleaflet
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.16.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
